Log on to the provided Windows 2016 server and open Internet Explorer.
Open microsoft.com, add a new tab,
and go to google.com and one more of your choice.
Click the "Windows Start" button and type "PowerShell" and hit "Enter".
Type netstat. What entries do you see?
You can see all the IPs that are currently connected to this machine.
Your output will vary,
but should look something similar to this.
Notice all of the different IP addresses.
This is from the machine being hosted at Azure connecting to various Microsoft servers,
as well as the connections established by your Internet Explorer traffic.
Try it on your home machine and see what you find.
This is exercise 2 in monitoring network traffic.
You were tasked with providing mitigation steps
to the events in this screen capture of a threat report.
Let's see how you did. Here are several considerations for mitigating the threat.
Contact the system owner in your organization to see if the traffic is expected.
Occasionally, a configuration problem can generate this traffic.
If it's unexpected, contact the abuse contact of the registrar of the offending IP.
Look up the IP on abuse IPDB or VirusTotal to see if it's deemed malicious.
If yes, consider blocking.
You can go one step further and recommend that SSH is blocked at the border firewall.
If SSH is needed,
use a VPN for additional security.